As Nietzsche says, when we walked away from when God was dead, all of a sudden, there was a vacuum
in our society, and it got filled with totalitarian regimes of Europe of the early 1900s, and
communism made sure it squished anything left of Christianity. So Christianity is still going
strong. Christianity is being revived. Oh, I hear that, but not amongst... I suspect you're
not going to find a lot of Christians amongst the CRTs or the environmentalists. No, they're
against. They have their own religion. That's right. It is a religion, yeah.
You ever watch UnHerd, the British fellow, young lad who does talk shows out of the UK? I don't
think so. He's quite interesting, and he's fairly balanced, and he went to Austria the day before
yesterday and walked around and started interviewing people. Isn't that where Hitler is from?
Well, I tell you, the people he interviewed in the street, it blew me away. It could have been 1930,
and it could be locking up a whole different group of people. It was the same ethos. I mean,
people were angry and saying they should be locked in their home. They shouldn't be allowed out
until they're vaccinated. It's like, wow. Same in Canada, though, don't you think?
No. Well, again, Toronto's damaged, socially damaged for obvious reasons. Out here where I am,
it's people are way more laid back and really question what they're being told.
Yeah, this next wave is going to be interesting if they make all the kids. I was talking to a
friend who teaches up north, and she has a JK and a kindergarten class, and JK don't require
masks, but the kindergarten kids do. Half the kids in her class have masks and the other kids don't.
How does that make sense? Yeah. We don't know the long-term effect of any of it,
including wearing a mask all day. Agreed. Well, I know if I'm gone to the store and I've been
wearing a mask, my nose feels funny and I don't feel good because you're recirculating your own
air. It'd be interesting to look at your blood chemistry after a day of wearing a mask and see
if the CO2 levels are up and other harmful things are higher in your blood than if you breathe
regular air. God forbid anybody do that research.
Well, the trouble is they have, it's just not available readily. A buddy of mine was complaining
about no research was being done and it's all Vax. Well, I went to the University of Florida
and they have a database of well over 600 current research projects that are going on right now
of all different components. What are the, you know, what preventative maintenance,
what upfront steps you'd be doing, what should happen if a person comes in later,
comes in early to the hospital with symptoms, various different, all that research is being done
but no one's willing to talk about it. That's what I find so sad. I found a great little
video from Carl Sagan did in the 80s interview with Charlie Rose and it's, he nails it way back
then that our whole society has given up on science and science means listening to all
aspects of the discussion and putting all the cards on the table and, you know, and he pointed
out that no one in government has any science knowledge or skills and the science departments
directly asked for most of the government departments at the judicial level and
people aren't making good decisions. Yeah, I don't know. I keep, you know, I keep asking the doc,
what do you think? And she keeps telling me, she said, Wally, we do not have enough information
to do anything useful yet. She went through SARS in Toronto and she saw how long it took to sort
that out and figure out what was really going on and it broke her heart to see people at the window
looking at their dying parents, right? But they weren't allowed to go in and see them.
Yeah, we don't think we got this right at all. No, I understand why last spring, why we locked down
on because we had no idea what we're up against and the CCP wasn't giving us anything useful,
wasn't sharing information. And I think everyone was assuming this is much, much worse than it
turned out. Yeah, that's how it was presented. Well, and don't let, don't let it go to waste.
You know, some people made the best out of this. But they denied it came from Wuhan.
They still do. Except for, well, I think the UN has acknowledged it came from Wuhan,
so that's something I guess. I think because anything terrible that happens, I think there is a
opposite side of that that is happening or will happen as a result of it. You know, the
Newton's third law of motion for every action, there's an opposite and equal reaction.
So COVID terrible, but at the same time, it exposed all these institutions for what they really are
that yes, science is gone to a large degree because we're not even asking the right questions.
All of our questions are sponsored by this or that, this pharma, that big tech, you know,
that beer company or whatever, you know, any kind of advertisement that is shown in
news channels. And they have, they all basically have the same kind of a political agenda.
And if it wasn't because of internet, they already had taken over the lives of all the people. It's
just, you know, it's this democratized technology that allows people to speak out basically to
fight back. But some people don't. Some people don't fight back. And some people are delighted,
like you said, like 1930s masks to a large degree, I think has the same function for a lot of people
that swastika is that, that it's a status symbol that, Hey, I am, I am with you. I belong to the
right tribe. I'm with this powerful, right? So that's a evolutionary psychology makes a lot of
sense. But then because of the form of our governance, we are doomed to deal with whatever
the so-called majority that in Canada, for example, has completely rigged that system,
that whoever gets the vote of downtown Toronto and downtown Montreal, they win it. Well,
obvious. It's very obvious what's happening, you know? Yeah, agree. So yeah, I don't know
what's going to happen, but I think what is very obvious is that we have completely left behind
our technology, our tools, and nobody has any kind of a solution. And the power vacuum that has
been created as a result of that is bringing a lot of different tribes, you know, they're
deforming again, they're making new alliances. And this is a, this is a war for power and who
sets the narrative, which direction and you know, the options are very radically different. So
that's, that's why nothing makes sense really, because nothing is being said for the sake of
the truth. Everything is being said for the sake of winning this war. Well,
the fact that the Democrats said they wouldn't take any vaccines that were developed by Trump,
and now they're surprised when the other side is reluctant to take, you know, to do what Biden's
saying. I mean, it's, it's so people can't seem to parse out the politics from what needs to get
done, or what works and what doesn't work or the science. I mean, well, the science is not even
part of it. It's just, it all gets polarized around the politics. And that should be the last place
that we should hang our hat, you know, for anything like this.
I mean, I, yeah, I mean, the men in white coats shouldn't be telling us what, you know, what to
do either, but they can provide guidance, but then you muzzle half of them, because they're not
fitting the political narrative and it all gets. And then people just get further and further
entrenched in their camps. And none of this is useful. It's quite destructive. And as you're
saying, it becomes tribal. I agree. I drop in on your podcast and quite enjoyed it. And I think
asked and quite enjoy them. I'm just amazed that the people that you managed to get a hold of,
it's just wonderful. It's the work of the universe. I supposed to be talking to them, I guess
I'm wrapping it up. I'm probably going to do like maybe two, three more episodes,
because I think this, the entire mood of the world is very different than having conversations.
People who already have the base to have these long form conversations. I think all the focus
needs to be on those people. And the rest is basically it's, it's not even time for
mobilizations, time for action for people. And so, you know, I'm, I'm going to wrap it up,
I think, and I'm going to make a book out of it. Just listen to the episodes with people who I
still enjoy that they were on the podcast and then, you know, transcribe it and see what part
of it is interesting and then see if some kind of a pattern emerges to make some kind of like a arc.
That's a neat idea. I like that. And then the audio book basically would be
the exact selection of those from the podcast itself.
Pretty cool. Who did you listen to? Which episodes? The last one.
I can't remember his name now. You were talking about AI and alternate universes.
Yes. Yeah. That was, I mean, I didn't understand a lot of it, but it was sort of cool that the
conversations being had at all. Right. I think it's really neat. Yeah. And he came back. I mean,
very often I took. Nice. Yeah. That was the second time. And it's not like Google does you
any favors on the YouTube channel. No, too much Trump supporting and like this is the wrong guy
to have any kind of an audience. I find that so frightening. I mean, that is so, that is so the
CCP model being enacted over here. I mean, they silence the sitting president of the United States.
So anybody else, they can silence. I still can't believe that. I still am absolutely gobsmacked
that that was allowed. That was a point in history that everything, you know, nothing could have
returned after that point on, because it's like all of this stuff essentially are imaginary
contracts, social contracts between people. Right. The entire, it's a reason that like
Supreme Court building looks so epic. Right. Because if they were in a pizza parlor,
nobody cared like what they have to say. So once it's broken, that, you know, Wizard of Oz,
once people see behind the curtain, then it, you know, you can't really unknow that.
Yeah, that, I don't think social media understood the consequences of their actions. People are
leaving in a big way. So the only hope he has now is to set up his virtual reality environment.
Oh, Zuckerberg.
Continue to reel in the lost generation of people that all they do is online play games and bring
those in and keep brainwashing them. I even think they're diverse enough that they won't fall for
it. So I don't. Yeah, but at the same time, the money's leading Facebook. At the same time,
they're about to release their own coin. DM. DM.
Yes. So it's going to be a centralized coin. It will be a centralized coin. So in well,
that's, that's pointless. Well, the thing is they're going to connect that to Metaverse.
Now, the good thing, good news is that at the same time, we have decentralization and Web3
and all of these stuff is happening. So the alternative that is being built is open source.
It's decentralized. It's accessible to everybody. So he has a tough competition.
But at the same time, he can still take over a lot of aspects of society. You know, you imagine
that the entire institutions of the government or the culture will be rebuilt in Zuckerberg's
Metaverse with the values that he wants to push. And we do know what kind of values he wants to push.
Wants to be just like China. Yeah, I think he only hit only him in charge himself to basically be
become god of that reality. Because that's exactly what it is. It will be a additional layer,
ultimately, on this reality, and it will be augmented reality. It could be contact lens,
it could be the, it could be the, it could be the, it could be the, it could be the, it could be the
the computer, a brain computer interface, like Neuralink, that you run that application on top
of it. So you have basically a subjective customized experience of reality based on
what you've built on top of it. AR. How have you been, David?
I've been pretty well. All things in Toronto.
So Toronto, as I'm hearing, because Fritz was just talking about that you guys went to a pub,
Toronto is not in lockdown or anything like that currently.
Just partial lockdown. Where are the places that are in lockdown?
I mean, like the private businesses are still quite restricted. Like you need a
a vaccine passport to get into theaters. They already run the vaccine passport in Toronto?
Yeah. That's really messed up.
It is if you're not vaccinated for sure. How many, what percentage of Toronto is not vaccinated?
I'm not sure. I would guess
like 10 or 20%. Those are the ones that are on the bus towards the camps,
vaccine camps.
Who's going to enforce it if you're wandering around or it's just when you're accessing anything
if it gets enforced, right? Yeah, you can wander around for sure.
In Austria, they're going around. Cops are going around and asking for vaccine passport.
I need the papers. Show me your papers, sir. You will sign the papers. Yep.
They should go all over again. Those guys look like they're almost in riot gear.
Like in Australia. But Austria also put the lockdown for only unvaccinated across country.
New York, for example, that they do have vaccine passport is something like 70% of African American
population of New York, they're not vaccinated. So basically an apartheid, you know, it's a two
tier system in New York right now. And you know, it's happening. People are like, Oh, no, people
are waking up, but I don't think they're waking up fast enough. Well, what's it like in Florida?
Florida is amazing. I was just telling Fritz, I'm very blessed. This governor is just the best.
You know, it's not like, not only that he's not bending the knee, he's like firing back 10 fold.
So we've been on the offensive and our numbers are pretty low. I think it's the lowest or second
lowest in the country now. And California and New York, they're exploding again. But, you know,
it seems like a lot of people, I don't say the majority, but enough people, they don't care
about data, about evidence, about facts. Because there are still like on Twitter, there are people
like, Oh, Florida, everybody's dying, numbers are out of control. Like, dude, we live here, we it's
not like that. Like, no, no, no, you're just lying. Russian puppet or whatever. So, you know, this is
a seems like it's a bigger problem that part of the mentality of part of the society is broken
permanently. And, you know, they're living in a different kind of a reality, which is a set
narrative by the authority, you know, whether media or politicians or their leaders, basically.
And their leaders basically. Well, the legacy media in Canada underwrites that notion that,
you know, places like Texas and Florida, people are dying in the streets. It's like a Monty Python
sketch, bring out your dead. Is that what they're saying? Well, they're very careful how it's worded
and how it's framed because you know, but the subtext that people are getting up here is, yeah,
it's not good. Mind you, everyone I know that bugs out of this area, goes to Florida is gone.
So anyone that has, you know, residences in Florida that they use in the winter,
they've all left the minute they opened the border, the US were letting Canadians in,
bang, everyone, they're dead. They're down there now. Oh, yeah, clearly. It's, it's, yeah, it's so,
but again, it has nothing to do with, as you said, it's not to do with science and facts,
it's all politics. So you have to underwrite the narrative that's the meme of the day in Canada,
and everyone gathers around the bonfire and burns any of the witches that aren't following
the prescribed narrative. It's quite bizarre. And it's insidious, because it's never emphatically
stated. It's sort of implied if you read the text and read what's being said. It's, yeah, very clever.
It's something you'd expect from the Politburo. I think they would have succeeded if we did
and have the internet. You know, because, you know, they had very limited channels of communication
before internet, and they were monopolized. So the kind of news that was being told to people
as news, it was all tailored basically, and fine tuned to maintain some kind of a narrative,
you know, and the newspaper is the same way, they were limited ones, they're all owned by
a small group of people. But the internet, you know, democratized this ability for, you know,
anybody who has any kind of a device to create and share information, right? Now this disrupted
the entire notion of truth. What is the truth? You know, what is the meaning of it? If words
can be misinterpreted, quote unquote, it means that they were meant to be misinterpreted.
Otherwise, if they're solid by design, by their nature, then you cannot change their definitions.
So these are all manmade contracts that we've, you know, we've carried on with using these
tools for many centuries. And now we have the ability to question the very fundamental of it,
that hey, you say good, I disagree with your definition of good. Right? That's a far deeper
and bigger fight war over meanings and definitions that I think is only possible because of internet.
Otherwise, people that didn't have this megaphone, you know, the term I use machine guns, monkeys
with machine guns, we can't we can't even comprehend the power of this, you know, but we use it because
it's amazing. So how far back do you have to go in history before you find a new kind of media
that had a similar change on society? Probably. No.
What do you think Martin Luther and I mean, that was, yeah,
that's what I was thinking. Like the printing press disrupted society at a fundamental level,
because in a similar way of decentralizing the dissemination of information and having
competing sources of truth. The church lost the monopoly.
Yeah, so it's truth. But with small t, because if there is if there is capital T truth,
then it's available to everybody at any time anywhere. You know, it does not require any
kind of knowledge or you know, you train the certain way or meditate for a certain amount.
No, it's just like, it's like sunlight. If it's absolute. If it's not absolute,
what is the point of it? So if we if it is, I should have said narrative for the truth,
we lost control. But if we move on from inaccessibility of capital T truth, then
we're in the next phase of Okay, we tried postmodernism, but postmodernism that has
been enforced through objective means, you cannot say that everything is subjective,
except what I'm saying, you have to take that objectively. It's like oxymoronic.
Right. And now we're taking this to the next level. We have metaverse, we have virtual reality,
and we can customize our own reality based on that it seems like it all goes according to some kind
of a plan. Isn't it the perfect timing of everything? The doc just keeps telling me that
men are just too stupid to pull something like that off of serendipity and bad luck.
So I don't know. I mean, there you go. There's the the other framing of it. But I think I think
people took advantage of the situation big time. It played into the hands of a lot of global actors.
And that's scary. So if even if if they didn't precipitate it, they, they amplified it and
went with it. I just that interviewer talked about earlier in Austria, people in the street,
I mean, the meme still works. I mean, the in a society, like in European societies were,
I guess the only word I can use is racist generally. That they're quite uncomfortable with
anything that doesn't fit in with whatever narrative they've created around themselves.
I think we're still better here in North America that way. Canada, maybe less so.
US is still there's lots of stuff on the table. And as you're saying, in spite of efforts by,
you know, the social media companies and the government, there's still a lot of different
truths and narratives on the table available to us. I don't know how true that is in Europe.
Well, apparently, there are protests all over Europe by media. Media isn't covering it.
Yes, I gather that I watched some, some of the guys I watch are posting that stuff.
Some of the guys I watch are posting that stuff. So, but the problem is that in countries like
Austria, a lot of the protests are, it's the extreme right, it's the vestigial remains of,
you know, the Newton's third law of motion for every action, there is an equal and opposite
reaction. We went way too far left. And people, you know, I don't know how closely you guys are
following politics in the US. But what happened in this election series of elections, like two
weeks ago, or something like that, is just mind blowing. And now New York Times and Economist
are all coming with pieces that this Democrats are going to get owned in the midterm elections.
But are you talking about the recent election? Yeah, Virginia was one of them, but also like
New Jersey, which is supposed to be like, you know, establishments playground, basically,
a truck driver won over I think the Speaker of the House or President of the Senate of New Jersey,
and he spent only $156. Because people are voting for a piece of crap over establishment people.
Now people are done with them. But you know, they're not going to go go down without fighting.
They're just like, okay, here's the power. So it's gonna be really insane. With all deep fakes and
stuff. I can't even imagine how the next election cycle for president is going to be. You know,
the Kyle Rittenhouse trial, they apparently doctored one video that is problematic right now.
And they use AI and machine learning to like, supposedly enhance it. But they like altered
the photo basically, or altered the image. I saw the video that the one presented by the prosecution
was much worse quality than the one that they had in hand, because it was, it didn't actually
support their case. It's insane. I mean, the fact that that trial is even happening is just,
you know, a very sign that this entire system is broken really badly.
Well, why don't you think it should happen? Because it's very clear it was self defense.
No, that's what he's on trial for. It's determined whether it was self defense. I have no problem
with him being on trial since he did actually kill two people. But I agree it was likely self
defense, but you can't prove that or even show that with a video trial. Oh, you can't have the
yeah, sure, but you can't have the police being the judiciary and saying,
But you wind this back to the 60s and the government been pinning medals on Kyle Rittenhouse.
Kyle Rittenhouse. There's something hugely changed in the whole social atmosphere and
I mean, if Rittenhouse was an Antifa or Black Lives Matter, there would not be any kind of a trial.
I agree. So it's not like the justice system is working in an unbiased kind of a way.
He is, you know, he's like the bait that media is using to get more attention. It's so evil
what these people are doing. Like a lot of people didn't even a lot of people on the left are being
shocked by how much they were misled in the months leading up to the trial by the media that they
trusted. And the media is still doing it. Yeah, you see the judge banned MSNBC from the
and but like, yeah, I'm just shocked when you read CNN and you look at what they're saying
about the trial and then you actually watch the trial. There's a total disconnect. It's utter,
it's bizarre world. If you look at the viewership of past Sunday, they released every Sunday is like
the most viewed programs on each network. At the first 15 or something like that, they're all Fox
News. So the first MSNBC or CNN, they're not even getting like 800,000 views. Like Fox is like twice
as many of them or three times as many of them, the top shows. So it's not like when they do lie,
they're trying to convince people who don't believe them to believe something. They're just
talking to their own audience. You know, there is still like, I would imagine 25 up to 30% of
people who are totally on board with everything that is happening and everything that is happening
with everything that is happening and everything that Democrats are doing, everything Biden is
doing or like, yes, guns, there should not be guns in the hands of civilians. They just want
a different kind of an America. They want like a European replicate, you know, European society
being replicated within, you know, the boundaries of this country. So the question is, what is the
solution moving forward with a system that is like, everybody's vote is basically equal. And if you
vote that, yes, we're going to go towards the quote unquote, right direction and somebody else
vote that no, we're going to go towards the wrong direction, then it just neutralized.
And I don't think we can afford that anymore, considering how quickly technology is evolving.
It doesn't neutralize as much as flip every election.
Flip it to a different party.
Yeah, that's what we've been seeing for recent history. The party power keeps getting voted out
and replaced by the other party, which turns out to be no better. So they get voted out and
replaced by the first party again. But the votes don't neutralize, but somebody wins.
Isn't there a core problem? Having been entrenched in the bowels of the beast, the government,
it almost doesn't matter anymore who's in charge, what party wins because of bureaucracy is driving
the agenda. Right. It's never mattered. Like, both parties are pretty much on the same side of
keeping in power. And if the bureaucracy wants to do something untoward, they hang it on whatever
party's in power and they take the blame and the bureaucracy keeps steaming along doing whatever
they want to do. And yeah, we almost, when you look at what Reagan did in the 80s, when he just said,
all right, that's it, you're all fired. Unless we have someone with the stomach to do that,
I don't know how to fix the bureaucracy. I mean, my buddies and I, who used to work there, we talk
about this and we're absolutely dumbfounded on how this could be fixed now. Because they can take
out any politician they want, as we've discovered, you know, with the Russia gate and anything else
that went down there, the bureaucracy is quite capable of neutering any political change.
Well, the solution is Bitcoin. It's very clear. Have a look at what Congress is doing now. They're
talking about it, instituting a centralized... Yeah, but Ted Cruz at the same time is writing
a bill that is going to undo the crypto part of that. Yeah, and by the... Even if they come up with
a centralized digital currency, it's not going to be able to compete. Well, that's, I think I agree
with you, David, absolutely. But that won't stop them. Well, they're free to go ahead. Exactly.
And it's not going to be only the Fed. It's going to be Facebook, China has its own centralized
currency, and all of the shitcoins, new shitcoins, basically, which would be CBDCs. They have to
compete with Bitcoin, which is how many years? 11 years ahead of them. And, you know, does not
have any requirement that they're having. And it's getting better every day. They're developers from
all around the world. So what are they going to do about it? Miami just became the first city to
give the residents of Miami Bitcoin dividend. That dude is like all in with Bitcoin. State of Wyoming,
the Senator of Wyoming has laser eyes. She's like all in Bitcoin. So, you know, I think it's way too
far gone for anybody to be able to do anything. But obviously, they're not just going to let it go.
They're not just going to let it go. Because all of this crap that they're coming up with that, oh,
it's user environment is getting warmer because of Bitcoin. I was just going to say that the climate
kids are now on board with Bitcoin. Let them be. Let them be on board, you know, because
El Salvador, they're mining Bitcoin with the volcano. So, you know, this is a different kind
of a game and bureaucracy cannot catch up with this game. Because this game is agile, open source,
and truly decentralized. You know, people are from all around the world who have a stake in it. But
at the same time, it's not like they're just going to let it go. You know, so I think the solution
is to accept that bureaucracy has won already. The establishment has won. And this goes beyond
bipartisan kind of a deal. It has nothing to do with Democrat and Republican. It's the literal
deep state. It has won. Agreed. And so all we have to do is just throw sand in its engine until it
just collapse under the weight of its own bureaucracy. Well, a bunch of us talked about,
you know, if all of us just went back to cash in the short term, we just stop using our credit
cards. I don't have a credit card everywhere out on the street. My credit score is stellar.
I want to hear. If you don't have a credit card, the bureaucracy is going to be looking at why,
what are you doing? Because you're obviously you're doing something untoward, right?
So back to cash, how's that going to help? It would just because the whole system now is
snowballing into using digital, their digital equivalent, centralized digital. And the whole
data model of selling the data of what's being sold and who's buying it and that. I mean,
they're making a lot of money off that. So if everyone they're buying with cash,
first of all, there's not enough cash to go around. That could be an initial problem. But
it would just it would just break what they're trying to do. They it would break what the
financial institutions are trying to do. But financial institutions are the place that cash
is coming from. So they can't dump like what they're doing. Like, I think like 35% of the
entirety of US dollar has been printed in the past year. 35% of all of it. They just dumped
they dropped it on the world. Like, there you go. So if the US isn't isn't Canada, I mean,
no one buys anything in the store. You never see cash being used anymore.
That seldom. So that would really upset the apple cart and maybe open the door for Bitcoin and
those things then to step in. But as long as we're using the existing digital way of buying things,
why bother with Bitcoin? That's the feedback I'm getting from people. Well, because Bitcoin is
like you have gold in your phone, that you can use it to pay for different kinds of stuff. And the
value of it is not collapsing like dollar. People will be forced, I'm afraid. They're going to be
forced to learn how to work with Bitcoin when the value of dollar, for example, has dropped so badly
that it's just unrecognizable, you know, already gasses up like 50%.
Oh, it's unbelievable. I mean, we're at we're at a buck 50 a liter.
Right. So those cash or times four times foreign cash that people could be dealing with,
the value of them is being determined by this entire system. So you can use cash,
but the value of your $10 today is not going to be same tomorrow, it's going to be lower.
And the day after that is going to be lower, then it's going to get lower, then it's going to get
lower. So what's the point of that? That's why like houses are so expensive right now.
If you have a property and want to sell it, you can sell it like twice the price,
because of inflation, all the prices are like so high.
Right. No, I'm not saying using cash is a solution of any kind, I see it more of a disruptor to what
the institutions are trying to do right now. They're trying to come up with their option to
cryptocurrency in their own way. And I just had a friend who's retired, used to be insurance
business, send me an email saying, Wally, better make sure you update your will to include your
cryptocurrency. And I thought, well, isn't that an insightful into people don't understand what
cryptocurrency is? I just sent him a note back saying anyone that has my private key owns the
cryptocurrency. So why would I want to share that with the government for death tax and all that
stuff? But again, it's how do you break that perception of what it is? I don't think people
get it yet, because we're so that's why I'm saying we're so ensconced in the whole digital
world of our current banking system, and how that exists and works, which is environmentally
neutral, clearly, because their computers run on sunshine and rainbows. But yeah, I'm just thinking
out loud, I don't have an answer is just and maybe next the spring coming up when the housing
market and everything goes belly up. And another as we have another big downturn in the economy.
If you look at what's happening in China right now, I mean, that's all going pear shaped.
If you can believe what you know, I tend to go to the South Asia news. I know they have a dislike
for China. So I take what they say with a grain of salt, but the footage of the riots that are
going on in the smaller towns and stuff that people protesting throughout China, the shortages,
they don't have fuel, they don't have heat, they don't have electricity.
And then the corruption in the the, the real estate markets there. That's all coming home
to me. So that will make what happened with, you know, beer Stearns and in 2008, look like
a church picnic, one might expect, I don't know, not being an expert in any of that, but it looks
pretty ominous. So if that happens, I think that would be a huge opener for a Bitcoin and looking
to, as you say, to place your money and your investment somewhere that won't depreciate.
Yeah, that's why I celebrate the inflation.
So just drive more people to Bitcoin, which will raise the price.
You see, this is the thing about truth with capital T, because if you expand the context
within which we're talking about all these things, then good and bad become meaningless,
because you can say, well, inflation is terrible on its own. But if it's leading to
revolution, revolutionizing the finance world, and therefore the rest of life with Bitcoin,
then inflation was not necessarily a bad thing. You know, and it's endless, this stream is endless.
So just take a frame of it and make a decision. And you know, it's this certainty,
I tweeted something a couple days ago, that fundamentalist religions are going to make a
comeback because people need a degree of certainty. Michael Flynn was saying that if you have one
country under God, we need to have one religion under God. And it's like it's, you know, it's,
we kind of called it on this podcast, religions are going to make a comeback.
Yep. Well, I think just watching the career and what the years of, you know, Jordan Peterson,
what he's been through and why people are listening to him. And it's because
this meeting has been upgraded by the host and now includes unlimited. Right. Okay.
I didn't do anything, but thank you.
Yes. Wait a minute.
Did you see the latest Jordan Peterson podcast?
The warning. I didn't see that.
The one where you have the safety of the author of the Bitcoin standard.
I haven't said it's on my queue to watch. I haven't watched it. It is good.
It is wonderful watching Peterson get orange pill.
Well, nice.
You can watch his mind be blown. He's it's great.
He can't believe how radical it is to separate money from state. He can't believe how Bitcoin
mining is actually good for the environment and frees up isolated resources and allows you to
monetize sources of electricity that are off the grid. Like he kind of bought into the fear
uncertainty and doubt around the environmentalists. And then he sees now that it's the truth is the
opposite. Oh, I have to watch that. That'll be.
Yeah. It's very fun to watch. Highly recommended.
Yeah. Environmentalists. Most of them, I would argue, they don't know what the hell they're
talking about. They just. Well, there's the last that the two syllable
word and the last syllable, I think, is the most most applicable part of that.
Not environmentalists. Yes, they are.
Well, you look at what Scotland and the Edinburgh that last summit and the wheels are falling off.
And I took the time and I went to the UN and read what the UN Charter says.
And it ain't anything that the media is talking about. I mean, they essentially say we have a
long term rise in temperature. Well, we all know that. I mean, we're still coming out of a glacial
age, but that the imminent destruction of mankind is certainly not on the table.
And that's what it's it's amazing to watch everyone buy into that.
No, it's just we are being held back by a small group of people who are probably among the most
incompetent people on this planet and their leeches. They don't produce anything.
They they just, you know, monopolize in the political power and yes, they've been boiling
the frog for a long time, but then Brexit and Trump happen and the freak them out and they
realize that they don't have much time. And, you know, Internet, they couldn't do much about it
to shut it down. They tried. They're still trying. And, you know, that's why they're getting more
coercive. They're getting more violent. Well, the new the new laws in Canada are are really bizarre.
That you can now be you can be charged for something you say on the Internet. That's a
that's against the policy of the government. It's beyond that. It's the new legislation that
they've just passed now, the new bills, they can walk into your emails and anything and hold you
accountable. I mean, it's an effect in the UK. I mean, the police have come to arrested people
for Australia's contents of emails. Yeah. So I mean, you really are living in the land of the
free. Yes, down there. There's been no cases in Canada has not yet. But
most of the computer is on board. I know my friend is stepping down now because he can't
tolerate what's going on. I mean, it is crazy, especially when it's being pushed by government
that got what 31% of votes even in that rigged system. Oh, 33% I apologize.
Yeah, it is a bizarre system of government in that regard. It just yeah, you know,
the only thing that has kept America so far is because there are like 400 million guns
in this country. So they really want to take the guns away because state monopoly and violence
is even better than state monopoly on finance. You can force people to do whatever you want them
to do. Well, our government has doubled down on that again, and wanted to, you know, want to
get rid of it. But and they keep talking about the horrible crimes and all this going on. And
two things I found interesting is when you go on to the federal government websites and the RCMP
websites, there's no data since 2016. Which I find interesting. Why is that? But anyways,
if you look at the 2016 data, 600 people died at the hands of firearms in Canada. 250 of those
were gang members shooting each other. 140 of those were in native reserves, people shooting each other.
And the rest are crimes and a handful of domestics, but I mean, 638 million people is not a big number
at all. That would warrant, you know, taking everyone's rights away. It's quite bizarre.
But again, you don't ever see those numbers on the media are talked about.
And the general perception is guns are bad. Right. I mean, it would be interesting to see
how the dynamic will be changed when not when as 3D printing and 3D printable weapons become more
more mainstream. And it seems like this adoption of technology is far faster in countries that are
technologically behind. Like look at even Iran or Azerbaijan, Armenia, Yemen, they're using
kamikaze UAVs to and they change the entire dynamic of power in that region because you make like a
$500 drone and you, you know, weaponize it, you put a bomb on it. And the only way that, for example,
Saudi Arabia can shoot one of them down is with a rocket that can shoot one of them down.
For example, Saudi Arabia can shoot one of them down is with a rocket that costs like half a
million. How can you, you know, how can you maintain the expense? So like Israel is coming
with new technology. This is what I'm saying. What I'm saying there is a plan, maybe. I'm not
necessarily talking about the planetary plan. I'm talking about some kind of a plan that we
might not even know. Like what Einstein said that all the forces we experience in this universe is
like the tail of a lion, the body of a lion is somewhere else, right? That's a different kind
of a revolution that could happen and fundamentally change everything that, hey, who sets the narrative
for what can be researched scientifically? Because there are people who have, you know,
interest in certain kind of topics, certain kind of field to get the grant money. But now that we
can crowdsource that kind of a process, what is the point of having conventional universities?
You know, I remember Jordan Peterson's budget got cut down by the government in Canada and
they crowdsourced it and he raised like six times the amount, seven times the amount, something like
that. And then people are engaged, right? Because it's voluntary participation rather than, oh,
you're forced to participate because, you know, we have to be a society somehow. Well, I mean,
Peter Thiel, I haven't heard much from him lately, but he spoke out very vehemently that don't send
your kid to university. There are much better options to be educated. Peter Thiel recently said
that AGI isn't happening. That's the last that I heard of him. AGI. Artificial General Intelligence.
Ah, well, we don't even have that in the population. How can we expect that from machines?
Did I say that out loud? Yeah. Well, there's that new university being opened in Austin.
It'll be interesting to see if that can make a goal of it. Of AGI? The reaction to that's been
pretty funny. Yeah, exactly. The vestiges of the IDW got together and decided to create a new
university, but they're not going to be accredited for some time. So first few cohorts of classes
were just going to pay for the knowledge, not the credits. But actually, the Pearson and Amuse had
a really interesting discussion about universities and credentials at the end of the podcast.
I learned that Pearson has resigned his position at U of T. He just can't see the benefit of
teaching dozens of students when he could go online and teach millions for free. And, you know,
barely teaching at, you know, conventional university because at least like third of
your time is being wasted talking to people who are protesting something. Somebody is offended by
someone. Well, Pearson said that the great time waster in an academic job is applying for grants.
That a Canadian professor will spend like 40% of their time on grant proposals.
Not research, not teaching grant proposals. It's just bureaucracy.
U of T just torpedoed some proposal in Toronto, didn't they? Because they didn't do it according
to the criteria that they wanted. There was some controversy I just caught in the news.
Sorry. You know, Orson Welles, the famed director and writer and all that. His last interview,
I think it was like two weeks before he died, he also said that the biggest time waster for
him was looking to raise money. And, you know, I think it's happening cross-border for
entrepreneurs. This also has been the case before crypto. And crypto is kind of solving that as
well, that you don't have to go and, you know, get on your knees in front of very few, like VCs and
they're like, just please give me money. And I give you like 50% of my company or whatever.
You know, you just launch an ICO or NFD or whatever. Yeah.
I just joined a DAO yesterday, the Constitution DAO, if you know this one.
So they, in something like 48 hours, raised $20 million to bid on the original copy of the
US Constitution at the South Beach auction. And it's happening tonight. I don't know how it turned
out. It's pretty amazing. It's a very interesting thing.
Oh, hell yeah. It's pretty amazing. Yeah. Well, anything can be tokenized.
Anything can be NFT. So, you know, that's another thing that it might take people a little bit to
get the impact of it and significant of it. But once they get it, I think it's going to
explode even further. It's already exploded. An acquaintance who's a musician in Ottawa,
and she's done the whole Nashville and songwriting in LA. And she just crowdsources
her albums. So two years ahead, she starts and she gets all the money. She has a target
and she gets the money she needs to get to $30,000 together. And she'll put an album together.
It's perfect. A really good idea. And the studios must just hate that.
Well, all gatekeepers, you know, all the middlemen, all the third parties are
eventually going to be affected. Because this is disruption of trust.
That hey, I don't need to listen to you or go through you to do what I want to do. I
can do it myself directly with my audience. And you know, you don't really need to have
millions of people, you can have like 2000 people who are very committed to what you're doing and
totally make a living out of it. Right? Yeah.
The problem is the third parties and gatekeepers and all those people because they don't want to
give up their power. I don't think they have any other choice, but they're going to fight
all the way. You know, it's all about power. David, what do you think about Peter Thiel
saying AGI is probably not going to happen? I'd like more details.
He's a smart guy. He probably is thinking it won't happen in a certain time frame. I don't
know if he offered the timeframe. I'd be surprised if he said it will never happen or it's impossible.
Yeah, he was saying that. But he might be saying it's not going to happen in our lifetime, like in
the next 50 or 80 years or something like that. I think he's wrong. Right? If that's what he said.
I mean, another question is, how can we rely completely on our definition of AGI? Like we
expect certain kind of what we consider to be intelligence to emerge as a result of a process
that become AGI, but it could happen in a completely different way that we can't even comprehend.
Possibly, but it could happen in a way that's pretty clear. That's smart. Like if it starts
running its own DAO on Web 3 and making a lot of money and hiring people to do its bidding,
that's a pretty good clue. Yeah, if we know it's AGI,
because it could be like an avatar influencer, because we're headed towards a place that you
can't really tell the difference. Right now, you can't have virtual avatar as your presentation,
as an influencer. So like news people are going to little by little, they become virtual,
again, more predictable kind of positions. And then at some point, they will be driven by like
AIs that they just give you weather, but they're so realistic that you can't really tell whether
or not they're humans or AI. It could easily communicate with humans only through text,
like email or Discord or some other textual interface. It would be impossible to tell it from
a super intelligent human. You don't need to depict that really. Not in a video sense. You
don't have to show a face or anything. It could just be a very smart agent on the other end of
a textual interface. If you got a job offer through email for a million dollars a year,
would you take it? It just says, keep doing what you're doing, but wants to support you and
maybe give you some editorial direction here and there.
Sort of like the CPP.
Yeah, or CIA or AGI.
Or that, yes.
AGI is a new agency.
Yep. Well done. Yes.
Or if it's just writing software, it doesn't need to show a face.
No. This anonymous economy, the Balaji actually talks about that a lot. I mean, it really is
awesome. It's like totally spot on every single time.
Wonderful. Absolutely wonderful.
So yeah, what is even the point of revealing your identity? If you want to get a coding job,
you just share your GitHub. That's it. You're hired or you're not hired.
What difference does it make who you are?
Yeah. Doesn't matter if you're one person or a team of people.
So the solution to cancel culture is not to ban politics, is to ban office work and work
at home without revealing your true identity. Deliver the work, and there is a smart contract
that is going to release whatever you're supposed to be getting once your work was delivered.
Except managers in an auto offer, the government's heads are exploding because they can't walk by
someone's desk and poke out.
They can get an acoustic guitar and a bowl and start practicing how they can make money on the
streets. They have tough competition ahead of them. Those are really the worst people that our society
and this Western civilization has produced. Managerial physician, like, dude, go fuck yourself.
Who the fuck do you think you are telling me what to do? Like you're fatter than I am.
You're uglier than I am, and you're definitely not as smart as I am. You're just a fatter than
I am. You're uglier than I am, and you're definitely not as smart as I am. You're just a fucking
asshole with a badge that says manager. Your parents must be proud, but I can't care less.
We tried to offer up our little bunch of tech guys, our little contribution to International
Women's Day, and that is we coined the term self-lubricating uncaring tyrants to describe
our management.
Yeah, very, yes, that's exactly what they are. That deserves to be on a t-shirt and given to
those people. So yeah, we're getting rid of them, and the biggest manager of it all is the government.
How do you unpack the FBI and CIA? You know there's lots of good competent people in the rank and
file. Leadership, it's the top leadership. It's one percent of the people that are in the bureaucracy
and in the cult, and then there's one percent of that one percent who are running the narrative
basically. They went out of control. What they did with Project Veritas, just raiding their homes
and getting into their phones, leaking information to New York Times, and as David says, a lot of
leftists, they're even like, what's going on? We've gone maybe a little too far here. ACLU I think
came out in defense of Project Veritas, but I think it's crystal clear for people on the right,
actual right, not corporate right, establishment right, that the system is just flawed against
them and it's rigged against them culturally and politically and economically. Look, Michael Flynn
again, I think Bank of America, he was Bank of America. They shut down their credit cards on
a bunch of his accounts because they didn't want to associate themselves with him. They say it's bad
for the brand of Bank of America. Well, just screw this system. You create an alternative with your
crypto and with Bitcoin and just live as if you don't depend on these people. That's why a lot of
states are doubling down on state coming before the federal government, because the power of
federal government comes from the state. You don't have a mandate without having the states.
Yeah, and the federal government is trying to upend that big time, it seems to me.
They want to exert power. The same people who want to do it during the Civil War.
You know, Lincoln was a Republican. Now, some people can say that, well, the war was illegal.
The war was illegal, but that's a bigger argument that laws are laws coming prior to ethics and
morality or ethics and morality are coming prior to laws and who is there to define either of those
things. So what was the story with there were people being shipped to Florida? They're being
shipped all over the place. The governor here is like, we're going to send them back. We're not
going to accept them. Yeah, man, they're pushing people way too far and they're pushing people
way too far. And if things explode, it's going to explode really badly. So I don't know what's
going to happen, but their approval ratings is down to like high 20s. Congress's approval rating
is like low 20s consistently. And at the same time, they're trying to pass this massive bill
that they have, build back better, but it's just a joke. If they do that, it's a very different
kind of a game because it's almost impossible to undo any of those entitlement programs and all
that that they're putting basically. Didn't they pass that one? Who was that photo of the boat
where they were saying get it done and Biden was signing something? Well, it was an infrastructure
bill. Biden signed, but this is build back better, that this is basically a Green New Deal on steroids.
It expands on government programs. It will raise dumber kids and more dependent adults to the
government. And it's cradle to grave. It's totally socialization of America. So that actually
supposed to happen or not happen tonight. So people on the right, this is what I'm saying,
that they're making alliances around this ethos of Judeo-Christian West. And I guess we'll see.
Did any of you guys listen to my episode with Jason Giorgiani because he has some interesting ideas?
I haven't heard. No. I hope you tell. Oh, Jason Giorgiani is a, he was a co-founder of
Alt-right Corporation, came out, wrote a bunch of books, including Prometheism. And he had another
one, Closer Encounters, said by UFOs and aliens and all that. But his thought basically is that
certain people have made a choice to break the, to break United States basically. So you don't
have any national identity, which is exactly what's been happening in Canada. And the dude said it
himself. It's like a globalist plan. America is the last barrier. So if that would be successful,
then you got to wonder what's going to happen because dollar is going to crash.
A lot of people are saying the dollar is going to crash anyways. It's not going to be a reserve
currency of the world anymore. So we're in the crisis. So we're in the crisis. So we're in the
crisis in that, the fourth turning, the fourth turning thesis in the crisis phase of it. And,
you know, on the other side of this abyss could be golden days or it could be total hell. Who knows?
Right?
Right. Yeah, I have a lot of those concerns and I look at Europe and if I were in the UK,
I would count my blessings that I got the heck out of the EU. Because that's government on
steroids over the EU now. The whole cohort in Brussels that are even elected that are
running the show. And it sure feels like, but who would be the actors that would like to break
America? I read that study from MIT that was done in 2017. And they documented over two and a half
million people working for the CCP in China. And their job is to get on all the social media and
all the email groups and everywhere and push an agenda around the world and heavily push the
agenda in the US. And you guys were talking about AGI. Well, a lot of that, you know,
you could, they're probably working on trying to weaponize that. So you would think that
in the old days, it was the KGB. But I think that it would really be to the advantage of the CCP.
If the US did come apart. So I could see a real strong influence there, driving that.
And then you have all the financial institutions that have bet the farm on China. The Europe is
just in over their head. I mean, from Italian governments who have gotten into bed with them
on the Belt and Road to pay out their debts to Germany that has every industrial giant in Germany
has bet the farm on setting up business in China. As the Japanese are now pulling out,
you know, out of China in a big way, most of the picture, the Chinese government, the Japanese
government has said, given incentives to corporations to pull out of China. So they see the writing on
the wall. But I think the the big conglomerates out of Europe, and, you know, the Googles and the
the Amazons and everyone they they're left holding the bag now because I don't think they had a
contingency plan when the whole China thing didn't go the way they expected. When the government
walks into all the companies in China and says, No, we now own 51% of everything. We don't care
where the company's origin is. Well, that's a huge game changer. And that's pretty disruptive. So
yeah, there's I see a whole bunch of different forces, I should point out that are that wanted
dismantle and fragment the West and they're succeeding, it seemed to me. Yeah, I mean,
it's far more the fault of the West than it's, you know, it's the fault of the CCP. Like why
wouldn't have why wouldn't they have agents trying to spread propaganda in the West? Like of course
they do. And the problem is that people who are supposed to be leaders of the West, they're
already in bed with China. They already have investments. And you know, all their interest is
for China to do good. There's a congresswoman from Virginia that she has, I think like a million
like a million dollars invested in Alibaba. Yep. So it's very corrupt. And the corruption has came
to the surface. You know, I keep saying, man, Trump was a psychedelic. Trump was a psychedelic,
everybody really, really hard on him. Everybody, you know, now are facing their demons. And demons
are all unmasked. And it's just a matter of what are you going to do with it? You know, is this is
this how you want to live your life that you will be given a app on your phone, which is basically
your new operating system, and everything else will run on that basis. And this operating system
will work for as long as government confirmed that you've received all the latest requirements,
including vaccines and, you know, and then they give you, you know, rewards as central bank digital
currency, they give you a little bit of money here and there, which has an expiration date.
So you can't like do anything else with it, you can't really keep it, you have to spend it by
certain amount of time. Otherwise, it will be expired. So this modern modern monetary
theory would have worked great if there was the absence of Bitcoin and cryptocurrency,
because they would have monopoly on, you know, on the currency. And then they would just print
indefinitely. That's the idea that they have. And I think a lot of them who's still pushing this idea,
they just don't understand Bitcoin, or they think that they can't control Bitcoin. But maybe,
you know, quantum computing comes in, like some people are saying, completely change the game
against Bitcoin. I don't think like, with a technology that will be disruptive, a solution
wouldn't be developed in its counter. But that's one of the arguments that is being made that our
quantum computer is going to make it obsolete. I don't think that's the case.
I think quantum computers are hyped a bit. David would know more, I think.
Yeah, like even if somebody invented a quantum computer tomorrow, they could
they could break the encryption in short order. Bitcoin would just release a fork that used
another encryption algorithm that was quantum computer resistant and may go on. Yeah, so it
might be down for a day or two as they put in the new encryption algorithm, but it's not going to
destroy Bitcoin. Bitcoin cannot be destroyed. Yeah, also the argument of EMP, electromagnetic
pulse, if they like explode something above the atmosphere. Is it above the atmosphere?
Yes, above the atmosphere to affect the grid, electricity grid. The moment that grid comes back
up, Bitcoin network is back online. Yeah, so the argument is whether or not an entity
can shut down electricity and maintain that dark mode of no electricity for a long amount of time.
I don't think that would be the case. Even though some people again make the argument
that there are interests who want to basically monopolize in this singularity level technology
while keeping the rest of people in this very deindustrialized kind of a state that people have
farms and people just pray and go to church and all that. And those people, even though they don't
believe, for example, in people like Jordan Peterson or Alexander Dugan, they are promoting
their work because it helps the society to move towards that direction away from technological
adoption and this ascendance towards a more simple life of farming and community and family
and religion and those kind of things. Interesting game is going on.
Well, again, it is stopping people from moving to farms or small villages and opting out of
modern society. But when they do that, they also opt out of the modern market and
they will encounter poverty like we had a couple hundred years ago, but that might be okay for them.
It's not going to affect the rest of us.
Yeah, they don't see it that way. They see it that the market should accept them as they are.
But my argument is, even if you look at Amish, the Amish people who are being pointed out as
some kind of an example of look how simple life can be and how peaceful without the use
of modern technology. But where are they living? Amish live in United States. They are protected
by layers after layers of people who are using the highest level of modern technology to protect
that county, to protect that state, to protect the borders of United States and US military
is protecting this land and the integrity of this territory. It is only because of that that you're
able to live life without the use of modern technology. Otherwise, move some Amish to
northern Pakistan and put them in some tribal land. Just see how long you can live a happy,
peaceful life without the modern technology. Not that long, dude. Maybe about a week.
So isn't this more about decentralizing though? Our population has gone up at least 25, 30%
because of COVID up here, north of Toronto now, four hours north of Toronto, because people have
moved up here. They bugged out of Toronto. A lot of people are, we've got fiber up here and decent
internet. So they're working from here. So a lot of people are remote. I know a couple of people
have moved up to Elliott Lake and they're working remotely. Their jobs in Toronto. They're in the
insurance business and a lot of companies are supporting that because it means they can drop
the huge cost of their real estate of providing desks and work areas in a building. So that's
happening, but that's in concert with the technology. Yeah, it's adoption, but it also leaves
certain people behind. For example, the person who clean or people who are in charge of cleaning
up those massive corporate buildings in downtown Toronto. If work is going to be mobile, what's
going to happen to those buildings? What's going to happen to those buildings? What's going to
be mobile? What's going to happen to those buildings? What's going to happen to concept of
cities and how much investment has been made both psychologically and financially by the system
in order to concentrate people in the smaller places that depends on their services more and
more. So they can be surveilled. So they can be dependent on using, as you said, credit cards,
or they'll be forced to get loans and mortgages. Most people are already living on this social
credit system. It's just that it hasn't been expanded to the level that they want to expand
it to, which is basically every aspect of your life. So yeah, decentralization is absolutely
the key. It's just a matter of adoption of it and infrastructure of it.
I mean, if people leave the city, then people that could not previously afford to move to the city
will be able to move to the city.
Yeah, bang on, David, bang on. Toronto is gotten ahead of itself in terms of what it can do and
what it can deliver, I think, to the citizens that are there now. And a lot of it, I'm guessing,
is a lot of foreign money came into buying property and driving the prices up. I don't know if
that's true or not, but that was my perception. So this would equalize some of that now if people
are decentralizing and moving away. So I see that as a good thing. I don't.
I'm not all that pleased that all these people have arrived on my doorstep here because I was
kind of liking the isolation. But on the other hand, it means it means work, it means more
prosperity for the people that are here. And it has in the past been one of the poorest
townships in Ontario. So I think there'll be a long-term benefit. But change is tough.
It's going to take a while to sort of balance it all out. Yeah. And while people are trying
to balance it all out, technology has advanced tenfolds. And so what are they going to do then?
They're going to go further and further into smaller communities? I don't think this is
an escape from technology at all. I think this is an escape from a city that's not
financially viable. Oh, for sure. Yes. The job, the pay scales are not keeping up with what it cost
to live there. And I think the fear of COVID and infection in Toronto, I think it's going to be
a real push last year while a lot of people came up. And I think a lot of people looked at,
well, they had real property already. Where do I want to live? So I think it was more
moving away from something they were afraid of or something that was unsavoury or something that
wasn't economically make sense anymore. So capitalise on the money you have in the city,
liquidate and move up here and buy something for a third of the cost of what it would cost,
you know, in the city. So if you can swing your business to do that, I think, and a lot of people
were able to, I don't think it's a move away. I don't think it's a back to the nature thing or
back to the farm thing at all. Certainly not up here because you can't farm up here. It's rocks.
Rocks, if you want to mine uranium, you'd be all set. But other than that, be careful not renting
out to Iranians then. No, no, Iranians will be mining uranium. Yes, right. Great play on
that. Yes, good one. Well, I mean, similar things have been happening here. A lot of people
are leaving California for Texas, leaving New York for Florida, basically getting out of blue states,
blue cities, urban areas to either purple or red areas. And interestingly enough, a lot of people
were saying that, well, they're going to change the balance of, for example, Florida that voted
overwhelmingly for Trump, even though the number of registered Democrats here has been consistently
higher than Republicans. But for the first time ever in the history of, recent history of this
state, number of registered Republicans surpassed registered Democrats. So we also have a governor
election coming next year. So Democrats have been running two people for about a year to test the
water, basically see how they're doing. And none of them were doing good at all. So they're
introducing the third person just a few months away from the election because the first two
couldn't get any kind of attraction. So something fundamental is changing among a lot of people who
would have probably said that I'm an independent or moderate Democrat because these insane people
who are in charge of the system right now, they just gone overboard and people are blown away.
A lot of people have regrets and stuff about voting for Biden. But again, they're not going to give
up power and they have enough people to make some kind of a mob and like, well, this is actually
the right way to do it. Yes, it is a moral position to say that if you're white, you're just
a, you know, you're just messed up. You're just an evil person by because that's what they're teaching
kids. This is why a lot of people are, you know, the rising up a lot of parents. So everything is
changing. But I don't think our policymakers and the system of governance is prepared at all to
address those kinds of changes. And the changes are going to get, you know, more and more radical
and more significant because technology is evolving exponentially.
Well, that's my understanding is that's one of the strengths of the US. Because of the independence
of the states, people will go to where it makes sense to them. And that will set out an agenda
for the entire country then. Yeah, it's supposed to be, it's supposed to be like this. And the
problem, the main problem is the federal government has gotten too big and too powerful.
But now states are, you know, there are some states, not all states, but some states are
standing their ground basically, like we're not going to do it. We're not going to deal with this.
So like in Florida, they immediately banned vaccine mandates or vaccine passports, not only by like
companies, but by like government stuff, but also by businesses. So, you know, it's not ideal that
you need to have laws in order to be able to live like some kind of a life with pursuit of liberty.
But what else are you going to do? These people are insane. They just want to take over everything.
They want to keep you in masks, two masks, five masks. They're like in California, they had a,
they had a guidance that it's okay to take your masks when you're taking a bite of your food,
but you have to put your mask back on between bites. And a lot of people are following that.
They're like, what, what, what do you expect then from a system that these people vote in?
Yeah, no, I, it doesn't make any sense to me to mandate that stuff. If, if you can't put a solid
case forward, why to do any of these things in this age of science and, and a compelling case
forward that, and people are willing to adopt it, well, then you've already failed
and to impose it is going to backfire, I think. And I think you're going to, I think you're going
to, there's going to be a backlash in Austria for, for what they've done. And I, I just don't
understand why the recall of the governor of California, how that fell on its face. And I
would have thought people would have seen through what was going on in California with Newsom and
the crew, but too far gone. I found that, I found that, I found that, I found that, I found that
too far gone. I found that too far gone. And Hollywood behind it. Tim Draper.
It's for mandates. Haven't you noticed that there's a good portion of the population that will
follow every mandate that comes down, no matter how ridiculous it is, not only will they follow
it, they will enforce it themselves on their fellow citizens. On behalf of the state.
They don't need the, on behalf of the state. Yeah. Most of the enforcers are other people.
Yep. So what, so I'm not nearly as optimistic as all you hear that the people will rebel.
I think no matter what the state does, there'll be statists and authoritarians that follow along
and enforce it for them. Yeah, absolutely. When I was growing up in Iran, Khomeini asked
kids to spy on their parents and on their teachers. And teacher is spying on their students,
basically playing people against each other. And people are more than willing to do that.
Like I said earlier, masks for a lot of people has the same purpose that swastikas had
for a lot of people during the thirties. You know, it's not that everybody who wore swastika
were over full on Nazi is that they just wanted to be part of the system. I want to be part of
the accepted elite. It becomes part of the uniform. It's a coalition signal more than
absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. So interesting in Florida that you see some people wear masks. Some people
wear masks. Some people don't wear masks and everybody's getting along. And it's really
interesting, especially in South Florida, there are a lot of people who are coming from like Cuba
and Venezuela. So these people have a very good understanding of communism and how it creeps in.
So I think I mentioned that in one of our talks that Trump's rally in Miami, which was two days
before the election, it was not called the Trump rally. It was called the rally against communism.
So, you know, they're not fooling around. They know what's going on. And so they're very accepting
all the Latinos here. And, you know, for as long as there are some examples, I think the spirit
of liberty and humanity is very strong, especially when it gets to your kids, that your kids are
being forced by people to do certain things that is jeopardizing their liberty, their freedom,
their, you know, your right over their protection. And people are, at least here, I don't know what's
like how they're going to deal with it in Canada, with all this like CRT stuff in the school system.
But here there are a lot of parents are waking up to it and they're standing up to it. You know,
it doesn't matter that they're being labeled as domestic terrorists by the Department of Justice,
which is just so insane. But they're not just they're not they're not giving up. It's about
their kids. So I think they overreach people on the left, far left. And that's why they're getting
violent. And they're getting like very obviously coercive and obviously, you know, very overt kind
of aggression. Yeah, I'm I'm not I'm with David in terms of Canada. I don't see Canada being able
to pull that off. I mean, I certainly hear a lot of people. And people I talked to are not happy
with the situation. But certainly my generation is going now what the hell? What can we do anyway?
Let's you know, let's you've given up your generation given up? Yeah, I think so. I think
I've seen that big time. I see. I think a lot of people have given up because they just hired.
Yeah. And that's probably the scariest aspect of this whole COVID thing, that it's drained a lot
of people for a lot of different reasons. And our society is vulnerable right now. It's also that
to 1% of Canadians would be around 300,000 people. 1% of Americans would be around 30 million people,
no, 3 million people. So there's a big difference. Yeah. So 3 million, 3 million people,
if they're hungry, and they're armed, is not a good kind of a perspective for any kind of
a government to push people towards that. 300,000 people who are not armed.
It's a very different dynamic.
But if, if things go pear shaped economically,
there's going to be a lot of people in Toronto that are going to. Yes.
I perceive a lot of people in Toronto have been underwritten by the government financially
and are dependent on them. That can't keep going. So yeah.
So there's a woman that Biden has nominated here to be in charge of currency,
that she wants to end private bankings. And she's saying that everybody's account should be
with the Fed, basically with Federal Reserve. And she's from Soviet Union. Like it's just a comical.
She was part of a group called the young communists or something. It's just insane.
But I was thinking a lot of people obviously are speaking out against it. And I don't think that
I don't think that that's going to happen. But I was just thinking, if this supposed to happen in
Canada, first of all, who would know? And second, who's going to stop this process? If they say,
for example, that equivalent of Federal Reserve in the US and Canada, whatever it may be like
Central Bank of Canada, Bank of Canada, Bank of Canada is going to take over all banks.
And so all your mortgages, your credit card debts and all that now is owned by Bank of Canada,
which is going to buy it from you in effect. So Bank of Canada is going to become a partial owner
of your property that you owe some money towards. It can be your credit card, it can be your house
or anything like that. Well, isn't that nationalization of property?
Yes, exactly what China's done. That's what the CCP did to the Chinese people. They don't own
anything the government owns. In the end, that's the core of communism that there is no private
property. You'll be happy. Turns out the World Economic Forum actually sent that message.
Yeah, they also said that Earth benefited from lockdowns. And they did a video about it that how
beneficial it was to cities for people to stay home and not use cars and all that.
I'm sure that they're convinced they're doing the good thing and they're doing the right thing.
That's that's another level of understanding for people that if you disagree this fundamentally
with someone, you have to consider that it's not that they know or they think they're evil.
They think they're at the right. No, they're they think that you're the bad guy who is standing up
against this progress and the path to utopia. How dare you? Right. And once you're brainwashed with
that, it's a religion. It's an ideology. I mean, there's no way you can convince them otherwise.
I mean, the Tower of Babel is such a great narrative on what's going on right now. People
and when Moses came down from the mound and saw everyone had built gold idols and were worshiping
them, if you lose your faith in anything more important than yourself and you make yourself
the center of the universe, then you can. People aren't humble enough to say, hmm, I may not be
right. There's a whole bunch of pieces, you know, as Peterson always says, it's complicated
and don't think you can fix it. Yeah. But there are a whole group of people have bought into this
whole environmental religion, social religion, the collectivism. Yeah, it's mind boggling. And
we're talking about my generation's given up. Well, my generation caused this. I mean, my
generation spearheaded this in the sixties and seventies. When I look at when I look back at
the seventies now, I see what's happening right now. A mirror image of what happened in the
seventies, economically, financially, socially, financially, socially, economically,
financially, socially. It's frightening. Only this time, it's global. Last time it was North
America. Yeah, I don't know how you unpack that. I find it really upsetting. How do you connect
the dots? What did you see in the seventies that is being recapitulated now? The whole movement,
the whole social justice movement, everything. I mean, the US was turned upside down.
The Vietnam War was a catalyst. The environmental movement. I remember all the rallies that we have
to shut down nuclear power because nuclear power was bad. It was evil. It was going to destroy the
planet. Meanwhile, the oil industry is funneling all that money into those groups to help them,
to wind them up, to fight against it because they didn't want nuclear power to be running things.
Was it the oil industry and the petrochemical industry would have lost? They would have big
time. Were all these things going on? We had the oil embargo out of the Middle East crank up the
prices. We now have the failure of China economically. That looks like it's going to hit home.
We had Jimmy Carter. We have Biden. I mean, the parallels are uncanny.
And we had the whole Nixon thing going on. We had the whole Trump thing going on. And again,
they aren't 100% equal, but the similarities I find just quite appealing. When I'm looking at
what happened in the 70s and what's happening now, I remember all the lineups all around the US.
People couldn't get gasoline. They had to get cars because another group of individuals were
looking out for themselves as the CCP is. I mean, yeah, those are off the top of my head,
the things that come to mind. So this woman nominee of being in charge of currency wants to
end private banking. She also said that oil and gas companies going bankrupt is actually a good
thing because climate change. Yeah, I caught that clip. Couldn't believe it.
But how do these people even get into power? That's what's so disturbing.
They've been in power in different levels. It's just that they're coming to the surface now.
Well, all my cohort of social collectivists ended up as teachers and professors because
they didn't have what it takes to
make a living. And they've really doubled down. I mean, you look at that. I mean, it start really
realistically, the whole socialist movement. I was telling David, I discovered Hayek and
the road to serfdom. And that is beyond epiphany. I mean, he just lays it out to a T when it comes
to what's happened. You just listen to the narrative there and what he says. It's
exponentially worse now than he even thought it was going to be.
Published in the forties?
55. Yeah, you're right. Late forties and it reached North America. But what I found really
disturbing is it hit North America in 55. And the outrage in North America against this book
apparently was epic. The government, people all over the place wanted to get rid of this book
because it was evil. And that's right in the middle of the McCarthy era. So there was already
this huge polarity between academics and Hollywood, wanting socialists and collectivism
and socialism and the fight against the capitalists. And then if you roll that back even further,
I mean, you look at Britain, collectivism was alive and well in Britain. Right back in the
20s already. And that's why Britain's a mess now because government control of everything.
And that hasn't ended well.
Well, one argument is that China fell to the CCP exactly because there were Marxists already
within the US government. So the pushback wasn't as strong as it should have been because China
was an ally, you know, leading to that point. But then it fell to the CCP because there were
people Marxists in the US government. And then after World War II, a lot of Nazis came to the
US government because Project Paperclip that they brought all the, not all, but many of the high,
high ranked Nazis to boost American industries, including the space industry that, you know,
we went basically to the moon because of Nazis. And, you know, it gets rid of the moral high
ground, but it also shines a light on a very cold, brutal practicality upon which all these
systems work. And so I think for a lot of people, you know, it's just dreamland, the kind of utopia
that they're thinking about that, you know, it's like all these communists, so-called communists
and Marxists on Twitter, these kids, they think like they're going to farm collectively and then
they're going to go and write poetry. And it's just a ridiculous kind of worldview that obviously,
you know, all these people that you were saying, they became teachers and professors and all that
they just put that in their brain. And this is how they see the world. And if you argue with it,
you're the bad guy. It's not like let's have debates. This is what I was saying to Peter
Borussian when I had him on the podcast, he had a book, How to Have Impossible Conversations. I was
like, dude, what will happen if they don't want to have conversations at all?
And that's where we're at. They don't want to. People have to resign themselves.
There's a huge court of people. Yeah, really? Yeah. Well, yes, he just did. I saw that.
He's gone to the University of Boston. Well, he has. Okay, good for him.
Yeah, the, you know, I listen, I quite often drop in on Gad Saad and watch what he's talking
about and saying. And I'm quite astounded that Concordia hasn't dumped him yet.
Has he got tenure? Because I think he does too. Not that it would ultimately matter. You know,
they will be like, oh, you're like, you're a hyper racist. And that goes against tenure position.
I mean, he, he is a person of color. He's Jewish and, and he's just self-proclaimed.
He's just, he's just a Nazi. He's a Jewish Nazi. So ignore everything he has to say. Making sense
is white supremacy. Making sense is not good. Yeah. Isn't it just, but that, you know, we joke
about that, but that's a reality. Reality is a joke now. So that's how it is. You know, we're,
we're living in animal farm. We're living in clown world. Exactly. Yes. James Lindsay.
I thought, yeah, cause James Lindsay, but I thought clown world was a joke. It's real.
It's real. Absolutely. Yeah. We were mistaking, thinking that it is not a clown world,
that there is any, anything serious about it. And so once you recognize as a clown world,
you just laugh about it. I mean, what else can you do?
Exactly. That's the position I take these days is it's, it's all so absurd. It's hilarious.
But friends that have moved here and immigrated from Venezuela are horrible. Well, I mean, yeah,
they, they see what's happening. They see, you know, as you mentioned in Florida, they up here,
they see what's happening in Canada and they see a collective communist nightmare unfolding
and they're debating what to do. And you know, the other option is Europe, but the Europe's even
worse off. So, um, one can only keep our fingers crossed that at some point something changes in
this country, but I don't know. David, what were you going to say? You were going to say something.
Latest is my favorite Twitter fight is now between Bernie Sanders and Elon Musk
fighting over the future of the space program. I must say I keep forgetting you're still alive.
Yes. What Sanders, what's Saunders saying? Bernie Sanders. Bernie Sanders is saying that
private citizens like Bezos and Musk should not be involved in saying the direction of the space
program that belongs to the American people and therefore the American government and therefore
senators like Bernie Sanders, I guess. Yeah. And Congress has about 21% approval rating
Congress that supposedly rip 21% represent the people. The American people has 21% approval
rating. So I think at any given situation, Elon Musk is far greater than the entirety of the
U S Congress, but especially people like Bernie Sanders who've done nothing throughout their lives
other than leeching out of taxpayers money and saying in the beginning millionaires and billionaires
and then he became a millionaire. He dropped the millionaires. Now it's only billionaires
who has to pay the most taxes. Like Elon Musk probably should pay zero taxes. Just keep doing
what you're doing, dude. Single-handedly is advancing the human experience in all different.
I just heard today that they're going to release Tesla phones that is going to work with Starlink.
I'm like, hell yeah, man. What has Bernie Sanders done recently?
Other than becoming like a flavor of an ice cream Ben and Jerry.
So the problem is people like Bernie Sanders who are throwing rocks and obstacles on the way of
someone like Elon Musk to what? To give handouts to people that they require their votes.
I guess the other part of the discussion though is when you have companies like Amazon that own the
government, then that becomes a problem as well. So there's stuff that has to be fixed, but
destroying capitalism and private enterprise is not a solution.
How does Amazon own the government?
They have a huge influence on policy in the government.
But how?
By lobbying. Lobbying and funding, money.
Politicians doing influence peddling?
I agree.
Politicians, I think that's where the, if there's a problem there, it's in the politicians.
No, I agree where you're going. A hundred percent, David. I agree with you.
The root of the problem are the politicians and the government.
And that they're enabling and the private, you know, private wealthy corporations are
taking advantage. Just the way they did in the 1800s with the railways. I mean,
that it's the same kind of game going on. But that has to be on the table, right?
And I think people are seeing that. They're seeing the influence peddling going on.
They're seeing what the hell was that? What the heck happened in Portland?
I mean, how could anyone have witnessed what happened in Portland and not go,
something is horribly, horribly broken here with the government, that that was allowed to happen.
So I think people are seeing all these things. And
hopefully they're recognizing, as David pointed out, that the problem is not with,
you know, capitalism. The problem is with government and central planning and control
that manifests. But the collectivists keep pointing at capitalists as the core of the problem.
Of course they are. The Iranian government also is blaming Israel and United States for all their
problems. You know, for as long as you have an enemy, you don't have to take responsibility
over your failures. And capitalism is fine in the crypto land. And the only example of free market
that I can think of is darknet. You know, otherwise the rest of the markets are manipulated
in one way or another. I guess we were talking earlier to bring it full circle. We were talking
about tipping points in terms of moving to cryptocurrency. The whole stock market and the
financial institutions, that's going to be the legacy environment that has to sort of slide
and capitulate in some way. I mean, there's all sorts of solutions for central, you know,
for the financial and for the stock market that would lend themselves. But once it's
once it's turned into a crypto environment, that's going to be much harder to gain.
You know, this is like religious institutions who are attempting to become transhumanists,
like Mormon Transhumanist Association, or, you know, whatever sect of Christianity that
would use or attempt to use AI in order to evangelize Christianity. There is no need
to carry out or carry on a lot of this stuff that humans have come up with. Thousands of years ago,
concepts that we have come up with, and all they do is slowing us down. That's one thing. The other
thing is there is no central authority to define anything for this collective that is humanity.
So we lack the point of alignment. And we have ran out of time, I think, to establish any kind of
a central point of alignment. People have tried throughout history, you know, all these religions
attempts have been made in order to like, our God is the only God, so just worship him. That's the
higher, you know, that's the highest level of authority. But now that the concept has been
entirely broken, shattered, anybody who, you know, is on TikTok and has 100,000 followers,
for example, you you have authority to, you know, convince a bunch of people to see the world in a
certain kind of a way. And so centralization, any variation of it is completely meaningless.
Of course, banks want to play a role in this digital revolution. But the point of this digital
revolution is that we need to move beyond, for example, the central banking system or central
governance system. And, you know, it, it expands from there to all different aspects of our
experience as humans, including our cultures, including our ethics and morality, including
of including everything else that we have taken for granted as some kind of a default state.
No, those are all, you know, been disrupted. A lot of them have been shattered. And they don't have
that good of an argument. You know, being traditionalists and isolationists as some kind
of a counter to technological advancement and growth, that's not a solution. That's just a cope.
And it's probably a, you know, not a very successful cope. So I think that's where we are. We are just
completely disconnected, because we are we are just pursuing different kind of different kind of
objectives. How is it possible for people who believe in reason and truth and factuality to
live side by side by with people or share resources with people who believe a politician who come and
say on national television that it's more important to be morally right than to be factually
correct? I mean, how how are you going to ever come up with any kind of common ground with any
of these people? It's just impossible.
Do you think that the dreams of utopia are ever going to go away, though?
That's what I think all these ideologies have in common, like the socialists and this
social justice people and, and even, I guess, once they have faith in democracy, they, but they all
have in common is kind of a vision of a monoculture. Like, if, if only everyone thought the way we did,
the world would be great. Right. So if communists took over the world, or if democracies took over
the world, or if Christians took over the world, if as long as you just had one monoculture, things
would just be fine. So I think that's the kind of vision that we all have in common.
If Christians took over the world, if as long as you just had one monoculture, things would just be
fine. I think a lot of people retain that vision, even if they don't realize it. It's implicit in
their belief system. It is, it doesn't require that much thinking and understanding. And it also
immediately give you the feeling of righteousness. Right. Yeah, because then it becomes a global
battle that's good and evil against everyone else. Good and evil. Well, I don't think it's going to
go away. But I also don't think that it's consistent with nature of reality and everything,
because everything, the nature of reality is quantum. Right. But the way out of that, I think,
is to grow up, to become more mature and understand that there will always be diversity. And if your
system can't handle diversity, then it's bound to fail. They're not going to do that.
Maybe not everyone, but as a, don't you think humans as a species were less mature at some
stage in the past? We've grown up somewhat in the last few hundred years.
But what is the goal again? I think it's important to...
The goal is to live in harmony. Yeah. Is that a goal though? I think, well, the goal for me,
or I think the goal that we should have is civilization, meaning not the now, but the
process of becoming more civilized, meaning less violence and more cooperation over time and space.
So I think we can grow up and become more civilized. We're a long ways from there right now,
obviously. We're not very civilized. We're not very mature as a species.
But did enlightenment open the door to that? Yeah, I think so.
And then when we, as Nietzsche says, when we walked away from when God was dead,
all of a sudden, there was a vacuum in our society and it got filled with
totalitarian regimes of Europe of the early 1900s. And communism made sure it squished
anything left of Christianity. So... Christianity is still going strong.
Well, Christianity is being revived.
I hear that, but not amongst... I suspect you're not going to find a lot of Christians amongst
the CT, the CRTs or the environmentalists. No, they're against, they have their own religion.
That's right. It is a religion.
Yeah. So I, but I think that's, because when I talk
from conservatives, traditional conservative people, I talk to listen.
The, the people that are on the hard left don't know how to listen.
So they're so ensconced in what they think is right. I mean, they're lost in their religion.
Well, which group has made advances and gained ground? Conservatives or the far left?
Currently, or over the last couple hundred years?
Uh, like who's in power right now? Who's in power right now?
Okay. What are you saying? I'm saying that what we consider to be a future
could very well be interpreted as a bug within a system. Yes. Because it is the openness of the
system. And that's what we're talking about. And that's what we're talking about.
Yes. Because it is the openness of the system that has allowed something like this to grow to begin
with. Because I can't think of any other country that is a serious country to deal with people who
are very openly are saying that the foundation of your country is evil. It's not that we have
a problem with this statue or that statue, the institution, the building block of your civilization
is evil. And it should be destroyed. And they they're not willing to even provide any kind of an
coherent alternative other than utopia very vague, which again is on you know, by design,
you don't want to you don't want to settle on any specific kind of objective because you want to be
able to move the goalposts. And you know, we look at it and like, well, what what kind of scumbags
would be doing that they're doing it and they're gaining power. So listening to other people hasn't
necessarily worked that well for conservatives. Right, I agree. But I think, as we mentioned
earlier, I think there's a there is the force pushing this along. There are agendas and there
there are bad actors from other nations that are encouraging this and underwriting it and funding
it. So you have this generation that are crippled because of our educational system, and don't have,
as David points out, the wherewithal to sort of say, I'm an individual, and I have to listen
to other people. And we have to come up with, you know, we have to work things out. Because
traditionally, it actually worked that way in North America. You know, just like in Florida,
I mean, someone wants to wear a mask, fine, someone doesn't find. So I know there are
there are parts of the world that are making it work. I mean, UK is not allowing mass mandates,
mandatory vaccines or anything, because the people just wouldn't stand for it. We're in a
country like Austria, everyone's doubled down on it. So I guess you'd have to look at what's
different about Florida, what's different about the UK, that they're able to withstand some of
this bizarreness. I mean, I, the UK seems to have been far more effective against CRT than we have
been in certainly in Canada and in parts of North America. But Virginia stepped up to the plate,
and said, No, I don't think we want to do that anymore. So I guess it would be interesting to
try to distill the difference there. I'm not, I don't know what it is, are people more grounded
in traditional value system, be it Christianity or anything else that community? Or is it because
the educational system in these communities hasn't been able to isn't as entrenched in,
in the postmodernist world? I don't know. I don't understand. I mean, I would have thought
something like the UK and what they've been through, would have been far more vulnerable to
groupthink. And because of the way they've been socialized there, but apparently they're not. So
what's with that? I don't know. But I think there are aspects of our Western society that is standing
up quite remarkably well. I think you look at countries like Poland, Poland, Poland,
you look at countries like Poland, and they're going, No, we took all those Ukrainian refugees,
we paid our dues, we're not going to not we're not going to knuckle under the EU. And then the EU
doubles down and calls them racist and calls them fascists. And you know, that's the best they can
do in terms of responding to them. So yeah, I'm hopeful. I'm not particularly hopeful on where
Canada is going. But certainly, if you go to Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and Alberta, there's
a lot of pushback. The oil industry in Alberta is just there. They're ecstatic that oil is $100 a
barrel again. Because in spite of any efforts Trudeau is going to do, the oil industry in Alberta
is launching again. So I see little glimmers. And but I don't understand why it's working in
some places and not working in other places. I don't know. But I think that would be a worthwhile
understanding that. It's just that people are different. People have always been different.
And now we see it more directly how different people are. But I'm sure there's Democrats,
I know of Democrats, hardcore Democrats in Florida. As well as you know, I remember driving
going to pick up a pizza in Sebring and looking at, you know, the Bible Institute and the firing
the gun range there. And the slogans on the front of it and just chuckling and so
why does it work there when you have the diversity? Yeah, but it's not like those Democrats are fine
with it. There are many Democrats here who are not fine with it or can cannot wait to get rid of
DeSantis and to implement lockdowns and mandates and all that. And I have no trouble with that.
As long as there's a balanced push from both sides, because the conversation has to be had.
Florida is in this position exactly because there hasn't been a balance to push on both sides.
This is a red, red state that got even redder because of Trump. And, you know, like culturally,
people are red. And so a lot of people who registered Democrat, they ended up voting for
Trump too, because, you know, as I said, they realize that, you know, or they realize that this
is not about Trump. This is about changing the entire dynamic of a relationship between people
and the government. But there are also Democrats here who can't stand it, as I said, who cannot
stand everything that is going on. Like this is the worst place to be. DeSantis sucks. Look at how
many people have died. And their argument is not that now the numbers of cases in Florida is
I think the lowest or the second lowest in the country, their argument would be, well,
just imagine how many people didn't have to die. If you had done lockdowns and so how are you ever
going to, you know, compromise with these people? Just don't give them power. Well, that's how it
works. You don't give them power. You do not give them power. But the conversation, okay, well, I
would argue the conversations were going on. That's why Democrats moved to the Republicans.
So the people were caught talking amongst themselves, and they're absorbing and analyzing
what's going on, be it viscerally, or be it scientifically, and drawing conclusions.
But this is not like majority of Democrats, as you said, it is mind blowing that the recall
election in California after all of this failed. Right. So in a state like California, those who
are leaving are the sane ones. So the state is being left behind, when the state is being left
behind, with people who are perfectly fine in San Francisco, that up to $1,000 if you steal is not
even a misdemeanor. So all the stores are shutting down at like 4pm. Because theft is out of control.
They're homeless all over that city. The crazy people walking all around, and people who stay
there are fine with it. Like, well, we are equal. This is how it is. They're fucked up because of
us, I guess. So we have to pay the price. But that's the question I'm asking. Why are people
in California, why were people in Florida who are Democrats able to make a logical decision
that we know what's going to be better in the long run? And why were people in California not
able to make that decision? What's different? Because the white progressive women in California
and New York, mainly, and you know, if you look at the the polls, almost always consistently, the
highest percentage of approval of Biden administration is white women who are college educated.
So right there, they're college educated, they've gone to college and gotten a degree in feminist
hair dyeing, or gender studies or whatever. And you know, they became professors and they give,
you know, given grants to other people who are interested in feminist hair dyeing and gender
studies. And you know, that's their worldview. They talk among each other about it. And you know,
it's a cult. It's a cult. But then that hasn't that hasn't happened in Florida, Florida.
There is a pushback culturally from the opposite side. So it's not like they have monopoly of
power in Florida to be able to implement whatever they want in the school, whatever they wanted,
like the cultural level, education level. What I'm saying is that there is a supremacy of power
towards Republicans and conservatives in Florida. But what's special about Florida is that a lot of
people, they're not like Trump Republicans, but they also are seeing that Democrats are moving
towards a very bad place that this is just the beginning of it. Even Democrats who live,
many of the Democrats who live in Florida, because they're, you know, they could be Jewish,
they could be, again, from like, South American countries, or Eastern European countries,
that they socially were liberal. But this is not about liberal and conservative. This is about
American and anti-American, and they can see it. But a lot of people in California, they don't see
it, they see what they're being promised as the ideal situation as an ideal outcome. This equity
that they're being promised is an ideal outcome for them. So using David's suggestion, Florida has
managed to evolve up a little bit higher than the people in California. They're still stuck in an
old paradigm. There must be a reason that a lot of these VC people from Silicon Valley, they move to
Miami. You know, there must be a quality about like Austin and Miami, mostly Miami.
Well, part of, I think for the corporations, it's a lot of it's because of the tax. I mean, right,
they were, if you sell the business, they were dinging you horribly for taxes in California.
There's no doubt that California has become a hostile environment for technology companies.
Yeah, and also an authoritarian state. I had Tim Draper on, this is a couple years ago,
the 50th episode of this podcast, that he collected signatures more than required to split,
to put it as a prop on the ballot to split California into three. I think it was like
southern, northern and central and run it in a decent kind of way. I think he required like
600 signatures. He collected about 800,000 and he said that the Supreme Court of California just
tossed it. It was like five people or six people, he was saying, overruled the will of like 800,000
plus people. So he was saying that we're no longer in a democracy. And this was like, I don't know,
three, four years ago, maybe that, you know, he's lost faith in both parties. He lost faith in
you know, he's lost faith in both parties. He's no longer a Republican or a Democrat,
because this is just ridiculous. And, you know, I have to laugh because it was never democracy.
Yeah, the illusion of freedom has been collapsed. John McAfee was also saying like,
a lot of people are sheep. And I was like, well, they're voting those still. And it was like,
well, lucky for us, their vote don't matter really. Like that dude had, you know, his eyes
were open long before many others. He's also crazy. Very crazy. Or are we the crazy ones to put up
with this bullshit? Who knows that book, somebody wrote a book based on his secret tapes.
Yeah, really? Yeah. Apparently, he did this interview with this one guy, Scottish guy, I think,
that hours and hours of tape, and he made it into a book.
Yeah, so the fact that he had a tattoo saying that if I ever appear to commit suicide, don't believe
it. I wouldn't put it beyond him to commit suicide.
Totally. Yeah, I don't, I don't think he was the kind of person who would stand by anything.
By anything, which which is a very, very fluid kind of a situation to be insane with Trump.
Like, are you standing by what you said? And like, I'm not standing by anything.
So how are you going to be the president?
Well, yeah, I would have thought McAfee would have had a dead man switch somewhere.
There are a lot of theories about it. You know, that building that collapsed in Miami?
Oh, there was a building. Oh, yeah.
They were saying that McAfee had had a unit there. And it collapsed because his the content of his
dead man switch basically was there. So there are a lot of conspiracy theories going around.
But I mean, who knows, you know, one man's conspiracy theory is another man's doctrine.
Yes.
All right, folks, we went on for how long? A while.
Oh, my God. Two and a half hours.
We can wrap it up if you guys want or we can just keep on going for a little bit more.
Any last words?
What's the one thing we didn't haven't talked about that we should be that should be talked about?
But one last topic that we've missed.
Well, China, Taiwan, that's on the table, but I mean, it's probably going to happen.
Yeah, and they've threatened Australia now officially.
So I mean, the dudes and, you know, official emperor now.
So this is the difference between uber centralized country and this mess that we're dealing with in
the West. None is perfect. But maybe it's as the result of this conflict that something else will
emerge that is fundamentally different and is what is needed in order to take us to the next level.
You know, even like postmodernism can be seen as a philosophical bridge between where we've been to
where we're going with respect to metaverse and all that, and this ability to subjectively create
the world that you want in your own image.
I think that's true.
Well, I think India is really doing a lot of soul searching now that China's taken over and
reestablished the air base in Iran and in Afghanistan and is trying to weaponize Pakistan
because I think China wants India out of the game when it goes for Taiwan.
Yeah, and not only not only like financially and manufacturer wise, but also philosophically.
India is very well prepared for this decentralization at the philosophical level.
It's already a decentralized society.
Well, I never thought of that. That's yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
And Australia and Japan are working very hard to do business arrangements and set up a commerce
between themselves and India and moving away from China.
So, you know, it's very obvious what needs to be done.
China bans Bitcoin. We have to double down on Bitcoin.
China bans free Internet. We have to double down on free Internet.
So they have to go against human nature because their entire society depends on social safety net.
And, you know, the difference is if like 1% of Americans are unemployed, for example,
it's not that big of a deal. 1% unemployed in China is a revolution.
So, you know, there are weaknesses and strength on both sides, but none again, none is perfect.
But at the same time, we have technological solutions.
It's really stupid to think about this system of governance when we have smart contracts,
when we have blockchain, when we have, you know, models right now like Miami.
What this dude, the mayor is doing, what Elon Musk is doing.
I remember last year, it was the same day that people start burning places across the country
because of George Floyd.
It was the same day that SpaceX launched the first first launch with astronauts.
It was a test dragon.
And I went to see it and on the way back, I was just thinking, man, how obvious it is.
And America has a very clear choice between cancel culture and building culture.
And this is exactly the story with China and us too.
China is about cancel culture.
We have to focus and double down on building culture, you know, rather than trying to change
the system like Buckminster Fuller said.
Buckminster Fuller said, you create an alternative that make the existing system obsolete.
Yep, just the way.
Agreed.
All right, great.
Since we all agree, this is the best way to get it.
Yeah.
Thank you.